Update nginx-configuration.md (#237)
pi-hole/docs: docs/guides/nginx-configuration.md

### Notes & Warnings

- **This is an unsupported configuration created by the community**

> - If you're using Raspbian Buster (debian 10), then you should install 'php7.3-fpm' instead of v7.0, and change all instances of 'php7.0-fpm' to 'php7.3-fpm'.

Reviewer: `debian` should be `Debian`

> - If you're using Raspbian Buster (debian 10), then you should install 'php7.3-fpm' instead of v7.0, and change all instances of 'php7.0-fpm' to 'php7.3-fpm'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you're using Raspbian Buster (Debian 10), then you should install 'php7.3-fpm' instead of v7.0, and change all instances of 'php7.0-fpm' to 'php7.3-fpm'.
```

Reviewer 2: Debian is a proper name.

Reviewer: It should be `Debian` for consistency, but anyway, your call.

Reviewer 2: Yes, it need to be `Debian`.

- If you're using php5, change all instances of `php7.0-fpm` to `php5-fpm` and change `/run/php/php7.0-fpm.sock` to `/var/run/php5-fpm.sock`

> - php sqlite package must be installed otherwise Networking and Querying will throw an error that it can't access the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `php7.0-sqlite` package must be installed otherwise Networking and Querying will throw an error that it can't access the database.
```
